Which topic did you choose to apply the data science methodology to? (2 marks)

Credit cards is the topic that I have chosen in order to apply the data science methodology. I have chosen this topic because I think that is the topic with more possibilities to apply this methodology

Next, you will play the role of the client and the data scientist. 

Using the topic that you selected, complete the Business Understanding stage by coming up with a problem that you would like to solve and phrasing it in the form of a question that you will use data to answer. (3 marks)

You are required to:

Describe the problem, related to the topic you selected.
Phrase the problem as a question to be answered using data.
For example, using the food recipes use case discussed in the labs, the question that we defined was, "Can we automatically determine the cuisine of a given dish based on its ingredients?".

Our problem related with credit cards is we have to create 3 types of credit cards with different benefits for its owners depending on the number of purchases they make so our question is "What kind of client is each person depending on his purchases?"

Briefly explain how you would complete each of the following stages for the problem that you described in the Business Understanding stage, so that you are ultimately able to answer the question that you came up with. (5 marks):

Analytic Approach
Data Requirements
Data Collection
Data Understanding and Preparation
Modeling and Evaluation
You can always refer to the labs as a reference with describing how you would complete each stage for your problem.

1. Analytic Approach : With a classification model, we have to associate each client in one of the three intervals of expenses.

2. Data Requirements: We need information about the credit card expense of each client and contact information in order to offer the associate credit card.

3. Data Collection: To collect data we use techniques like descriptibe statistics and financial reports from the bank in order to create our model.

4. Data Understanding and Preparation: The most important stage, so we need evaluate the principal variable of the problem, the client's expense. In Data Preparation stage we have to clean the data in in order to apply the model.

5. Modeling and Evaluation: We create the classification model, evaluate the results and perfom if it will be necessary.